Add --remove-files=/RemoveFiles= (#744)
systemd/mkosi: mkosi.md

  instead of a directory a `tar` file may be used too, and
  `mkosi.skeleton.tar` is automatically used.

`--remove-files=`

> : Takes a path glob. Files in the image matching the glob will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Takes a comma-separated list of globs. Files in the image matching the globs will be
```
